# Group Meeting Notes
> Group Meetings are listed in reverse chronological order
> (most recent at top)  
> Group Meetings are held every two weeks, hosted by Dan Watson  
> 'Questions for Dan' are compilied during the time inbetween meetings  
> Template at bottom

---
## 03/28/2023
### Questions for Dan
* None
### Things we could improve on
* Round out the final bits of functionality
### Things we're doing well
* Furthest along out of groups he's seen today (half of class)
* remaining functionality is similar to what is already completed

---
## 03/02/2023
### Questions for Dan
* Database hosting options
### Things we could improve on
* 
### Things we're doing well
* 

---
## 02/07/2023 - Sprint 2
### Questions for Dan
* What are you looking for in a low fidelty prototype of a feature?  
* Do the kanban board screenshots need to be of the full board? Is a general summary okay?
### Things we could improve on
* Looking for a good understanding of everything the site will do
* low-fidelty prototypes should done in the fastest way possible
* have how everything interacts nailed down
### Things we're doing well
* working together
* documentation/software dev process

---
## 01/26/2023 - Sprint 1
### Questions for Dan
* None
### Things we could improve on
* Fill out project plan more
* Change activity diagrams to be more in line with sample on canvas
* Have a burndown chart for next time
* MSCW for functional requirements
### Things we're doing well
* Github branch management

<details>
  <summary>TEMPLATE</summary>

---
## MM/DD/YYYY
### Questions for Dan
* 
### Things we could improve on
* 
### Things we're doing well
* 
</details>